sample:ipsp: remove undefined symbol and clarify how to build (#11931)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/bluetooth/ipsp/README.rst

This sample can be found under :file:`samples/bluetooth/ipsp` in the
Zephyr tree.
Sample can be built and executed for the nRF52840 PCA10056 as follows:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/bluetooth/ipsp
   :board: nrf52840_pca10056
   :goals: build flash
   :compact:

Building and Running for Linux kernels released before 4.12
===========================================================
.. note::

>    For hosts using kernels released before 4.12 CONFIG_NET_L2_BT_ZEP1656

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For hosts using kernels released before 4.12,
   option :option:`CONFIG_NET_L2_BT_ZEP1656`
```

>    shall be selected: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/3111

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   must be selected.  For more information, see `Zephyr issue #3111
   <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/3111>`_
```

Reviewer 2: done
